replaced erroneous sourcecode parts, added resource saver (#2750)
godotengine/godot-docs: development/cpp/custom_resource_format_loaders.rst

.. code:: cpp

    /* resource_loader_json.h */

    #ifndef RESOURCE_LOADER_JSON_H
    #define RESOURCE_LOADER_JSON_H

    #include "core/io/resource_loader.h"

    class ResourceFormatLoaderJson : public ResourceFormatLoader {

>         GDCLASS(ResourceFormatLoaderJson, ResourceFormatLoader)

Reviewer: C++ code is tab-indented in the docs, so this should be changed back.

Reviewer: To be precise, it would be 4 spaces for the code block indentation, and then tabs for the actual C++ code.

Author: got it, done.

        virtual void get_recognized_extensions(List<String> *p_extensions) const;
        virtual bool handles_type(const String &p_type) const;
        virtual String get_resource_type(const String &p_path) const;
    };
    #endif // RESOURCE_LOADER_JSON_H

.. code:: cpp

    /* resource_loader_json.cpp */

    #include "resource_loader_json.h"
    #include "resource_json.h"

    RES ResourceFormatLoaderJson::load(const String &p_path, const String &p_original_path, Error *r_error) {
    Ref<JsonResource> json = memnew(JsonResource);
    	if (r_error)
    		*r_error = OK;
    	Error err = json->load_file(p_path);
    	return json;
    }

    void ResourceFormatLoaderJson::get_recognized_extensions(List<String> *p_extensions) const {
    	if (!p_extensions->find("json"))
    		p_extensions->push_back("json");
    }

    String ResourceFormatLoaderJson::get_resource_type(const String &p_path) const {
    	return "Resource";
    }

    bool ResourceFormatLoaderJson::handles_type(const String &p_type) const {
    	return (ClassDB::is_parent_class(p_type, "Resource"));
    }

Creating a ResourceFormatSaver
------------------------------

> I you like to be able to edit and save a resource, you can implement a ResourceFormatSaver:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you'd like to be able to edit and save a resource, you can implement a ResourceFormatSaver:
```
